1st line from mumbai

2nd line from mumbai

3rd line from london

4th line from mumbai

The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has predicted light to moderate rainfall in the coastal areas of Karnataka till October 5.

The IMD stated that Arkalgud in Hassan district received 70 mm rainfall owing to southwest monsoon Monday, while other places such as Srirangapatna in Mandya district received 40 mm rainfall, Tikkota in Vijayapura district and Nelogi in Kalaburgi district received 30mm each.

Shirali and Vijayapura recorded the maximum temperature of 32.4 degree Celsius in the state Monday, while Bagalkot recorded the lowest at 18 degree Celsius, IMD said.

“In the next 24 hours thunderstorms are likely to occur at isolated places over all the districts of coastal Karnataka and Belagavi, Dharwad, Gadag, Haveri, Koppal districts of north-interior Karnataka and Ballari, Chamarajanagar, Chikkamagaluru, Chitradurga, Davanagere, Hassan, Kodagu, Mandya, Mysuru, Shivamogga and Tumkur districts of south-interior Karnataka,” it stated.

Naveen Menezes Naveen Menezes, DHNS, Bengaluru, Sep 30 2022, 23:15 istupdated: Oct 01 2022, 08:15 ist BBMP. Credit: DH file photoBBMP. Credit: DH file photo With the High Court ordering elections to the Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palik...

With the High Court ordering elections to the Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) council by the end of this year, a long legal battle has come to an end. From notifying an exclusive legislation for Bengaluru to delaying the process of prepa...

preparing the delimitation of wards and the reservation list, the state government found multiple reasons to delay the BBMP polls, due since September 2020. The BBMP is currently run by senior bureaucrats, whose interaction with the general publi...

Bengaluru: In view of the Dasara celebrations, the city police have placed a ban on the sale of liquor in different parts of Bengaluru for two days. The prohibition orders have been issued in North, East, North-east and Central Bengaluru from 7 am on Wednesday, October 5 to 12 pm on Thursday, October 6, the Bengaluru city police commissioner C H Pratap Reddy said.
North Bengaluru: A liquor ban will be enforced in the RT Nagar, JC Nagar, Sanjaynagar and Hebbal police station limits in the North division. The officials will be conducting regular patrolling to ensure that no sale of liquor is happening during the Dasara festival days. 

East Bengaluru: Liquor outlets in Bharathinagar, Pulakeshinagar, KG Halli, DJ Halli and Shivajinagar police station jurisdictions in the East Bengaluru division will not be functioning. North-East Bengaluru: In North-East Bengaluru, the sale of liquor is banned in Amruthahalli and Kodigehalli.
Central Bengaluru: The city police have placed a ban on liquor sale also in High Grounds police station limits in Central Bengaluru.
However, star hotels and clubs in the city can continue the sale of booze as they are exempted from the ban. All MSIL outlets, bars and restaurants, beer and wine stores, and pubs will be closed during the ban period, the police said.
Residents in Bengaluru celebrated this season of Navratri on a full scale. Several Durga Puja pandals have been set up across the city. Along with, the Bengali, Odiya and Assamese communities, the events witnessed the participation of all sections of the city residents. On Vijayadashami, multiple Ram Leela and Raavan Dahan events will be taking part across Bengaluru.
According to police, more than 110 palanquins will be taken out in processions in different areas of the city including RT Nagar, JC Nagar, Hebbal and DJ Halli on Wednesday. Cops expect the participation of more than 60,000 people taking part in the celebrations.
